[Music]
hello people from turkish tv today I am
here at the inauguration of the store strutura eu
I only remember one electrode, everybody.
I will sing and love the invitation and tv uhf was
button
Look, you can record this moment of
inauguration of the future store is
invited into the store and gives a
fashionable multi-brand clothing ride
cool colored tape of hard-working
Come on, whoever they were is already here.
running the manager italy daniel
we will talk to her as failure is
cat is questioning the voice of painting
[Music]
well the college
cool people do not come the pink tav
took part in the painting already has other
also in the water near by the way
and we have several brands worth it
One more day but it was kills without legal
implanted
several of us have chaos 10
be careful with the drink
was to close 30 stores sell food
also win
this tallyne is from the culture manager of
button
Anything sheep buy well
catarina that knocks tvi
[Music]